docs(rome_js_analyze): improve CONTRIBUTING and code gen (#4278)
rome/tools: crates/rome_analyze/CONTRIBUTING.md

it's possible to inspect a piece of AST and emit diagnostics or actions based on a
static check.

## Folder structure

First, you need to identify the crate where you want to implement the rule.
If the rule is going to be implemented for the JavaScript language (and its super languages),
then the rule will be implemented inside the `rome_js_analyze` crate.

Rules are divided by capabilities:

- `analyzers/` folder contains rules that don't require any particular capabilities, via the `Ast<>` query type;

- `semantic_analyzer/` folder contains rules that require the use of the semantic model, via `Semantic<>` query type;

- `aria_analyzers/` folder contains rules that require the use of ARIA metadata, via `Aria<>` query type;

- `assists/` folder contains rules that contribute to refactor code, with not associated diagnostics.
  These are rules that are usually meant for editors and IDEs.

Most of the rules will go under `analyzers/` or `semantic_analyzer/`.

Inside these four folders, we have a folder for each group that _Rome_ supports.

> When implementing **new rules**, they have to be implemented under the group `nursery`.
> New rules should always be considered unstable/not exhaustive.
> 
> In addition to selecting a group, rules may be flagged as `recommended`.
> The **recommended rules** are enabled in the default configuration of the _Rome_ linter.
> As a general principle, a recommended rule should catch actual programming errors.
> For instance detecting a coding pattern that will throw an exception at runtime.
> Pedantic rules that check for certain unwanted patterns but may have high false positive rates,
> should be left off from the recommended set.
> Rules intended to be recommended should be flagged as such even if they are still part of the `nursery` group,
> as unstable rules are only enabled by default on unstable builds.
> This gives to the project time to test the rule, find edge cases, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When implementing **new rules**, they have to be implemented under the group `nursery`.
New rules should always be considered unstable/not exhaustive.

In addition to selecting a group, rules may be flagged as `recommended`.
The **recommended rules** are enabled in the default configuration of the _Rome_ linter.
As a general principle, a recommended rule should catch actual programming errors.
For instance, detecting a coding pattern that will throw an exception at runtime.
Pedantic rules that check for specific unwanted patterns but may have high false positive rates
should be left off from the recommended set.
Rules intended to be recommended should be flagged as such even if they are still part of the `nursery` group,
as unstable rules are only enabled by default on unstable builds.
This gives the project time to test the rule, find edge cases, etc.
```

## Lint rules

> When creating or updating a lint rule, you need to be aware that there's a lot of generated code inside our toolchain.
> Our CI makes sure that this code is not out of sync and fails otherwise.
> See the [code generation section](#code-generation) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating or updating a lint rule, you need to be aware that there's a lot of generated code inside our toolchain.
Our CI ensures this code is not out of sync and fails otherwise.
See the [code generation section](#code-generation) for more details.
```

### Choose a name

_Rome_ follows a naming convention according to what the rule do:

1. Forbid a concept

   ```block
   no<Concept>
   ```

   When a rule's sole intention is to **forbid a single concept** - such as disallowing the use of `debugger` statements - the rule should be named using the `no` prefix.
   For example, the rule to disallow the use of `debugger` statements is named `noDebugger`.

1. Mandate a concept

   ```block
   use<Concept>
   ```

   When a rule's sole intention is to **mandate a single concept** - such as forcing the use of camel-casing - the rule should be named using the `use` prefix.
   For example, the rule to mandating the use of camel-cased variable names is named `useCamelCase`.

### Create and implement the rule

Let's say we want to create a new rule called `useAwesomeTricks`, which uses the semantic model.

1. Run the command

   ```shell

>    > just new-lintrule crates/rome_js_analyze/src/analyzers/nursery myRuleName

Reviewer: One thing that could be improved is to have a link to how to install `just`. We take for granted that users can use it as it is.

   - `type Query = Ast<>` -> `analyzers/` folder
   - `type Query = Semantic<>` -> `semantic_analyzers/` folder
   - `type Query = SemanticServices` -> `semantic_analyzers/` folder
   - `type Query = Aria<>` -> `aria_analyzers` folder
   - `type Query = ControlFlowGraph` -> `analyzers/` folder
 
   The core team will help you out if you don't get the folder right.
   Using the incorrect folder won't break any code.

2. The `Query` needs to have the `Semantic` type, because we want to have access to the semantic model.
   `Query` tells the engine on which AST node we want to trigger the rule.

3. The `State` type doesn't have to be used, so it can be considered optional.
   However, it has to be defined as `type State = ()`.

4. The `run` function must be implemented.
   This function is called every time the analyzer finds a match for the query specified by the rule,
   and may return zero or more "signals".

5. Implement the optional `diagnostic` function, to tell the user where's the error and why:

   ```rust,ignore
   impl Rule for UseAwesomeTricks {
       // .. code
       fn diagnostic(_ctx: &RuleContext<Self>, _state: &Self::State) -> Option<RuleDiagnostic> {}
   }
   ```

>    While implementing the diagnostic, please keep [Rome's technical principals](https://rome.tools/#technical) in mind.
>    This function is called of every signal emitted by the `run` function, and it may return
>    zero or one diagnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   While implementing the diagnostic, please keep [Rome's technical principals](https://rome.tools/#technical) in mind.
   This function is called for every signal emitted by the `run` function, and it may return
   zero or one diagnostic.
```

6. Implement the optional `action` function, if we are able to provide automatic code fix to the rule:

   ```rust,ignore
   impl Rule for UseAwesomeTricks {
       // .. code
       fn action(_ctx: &RuleContext<Self>, _state: &Self::State) -> Option<JsRuleAction> {}
   }
   ```

>    This function is called of every signal emitted by the `run` function.
>    It may return zero or one code action.
>    When returning a code action, you will need to pass `category` and `applicability` fields.
>    `category` must be `ActionCategory::QuickFix`, while `applicability` must be `Applicability:MaybeIncorrect`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This function is called for every signal emitted by the `run` function.
   It may return zero or one code action.
   When returning a code action, you must pass the `category` and `applicability` fields.
   `category` must be `ActionCategory::QuickFix`, while `applicability` must be `Applicability:MaybeIncorrect`.
```

`must be` seems to be a stretch; I mean, we have rules that  have `Applicability::Always`. Maybe we should set more context of **why** we _must_ set these values.

   and may return zero or more "signals".

5. Implement the optional `diagnostic` function, to tell the user where's the error and why:

   ```rust,ignore
   impl Rule for UseAwesomeTricks {
       // .. code
       fn diagnostic(_ctx: &RuleContext<Self>, _state: &Self::State) -> Option<RuleDiagnostic> {}
   }
   ```

   While implementing the diagnostic, please keep [Rome's technical principals](https://rome.tools/#technical) in mind.
   This function is called of every signal emitted by the `run` function, and it may return
   zero or one diagnostic.

6. Implement the optional `action` function, if we are able to provide automatic code fix to the rule:

   ```rust,ignore
   impl Rule for UseAwesomeTricks {
       // .. code
       fn action(_ctx: &RuleContext<Self>, _state: &Self::State) -> Option<JsRuleAction> {}
   }
   ```

   This function is called of every signal emitted by the `run` function.
   It may return zero or one code action.
   When returning a code action, you will need to pass `category` and `applicability` fields.
   `category` must be `ActionCategory::QuickFix`, while `applicability` must be `Applicability:MaybeIncorrect`.

> Don't forget to format your code with `cargo fmt` and lint with `cargo clippy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to format your code with `cargo format` and lint with `cargo lint`.
```

Better use our internal aliases because we enforce more rules.

Otherwise, you have two options:

- Create a single file called like the rule name, e.g. `useAwesomeTricks.js`, `useAwesomeTricks.tsx`, etc.
  The extension of the file matters based on which kind of file you need to test;

- Create a folder called `useAwesomeTricks/`, and then create various files where you want to create different cases.
  These options are useful if your rules target different super languages, or you want to split your cases among different files.

If you chose to create a folder, a common pattern is to create files prefixed by `invalid` or `valid`.
The files prefixed by `invalid` contain code that are reported by the rule.
The files prefixed by `valid` contain code that are not reported by the rule.

Files ending with the extension `.jsonc` are handled in a different way.
These files should contain an array of strings where each string is a code snippet.
For instance for the rule `noVar`, the file `invalidScript.jsonc` contains:

```jsonc
[
	"var x = 1; foo(x);",
	"for (var x of [1,2,3]) { foo(x); }",
]
```

Note that code in a file ending with the extension `.jsonc` are in a _script environment_.

> That's mean that you cannot use syntax that belongs to ECMAScript modules such as `import` and `export`.

Reviewer: That's => This means that...
